---
title: New Project
layout: post
author: nikolai.phillips
permalink: /new-topic/
source-id: 1KeV78BhWDcCKQXMdUdF1uYW-qh3ezPNmXCVLI-HrFHo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>New topic</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Knowledge of last term</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get a good start on the new topic</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes however i think i am slightly behind on some pieces of code this is ware i was slow</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson we used the knowledge of last term where we used code to make our work sufficient and we used it in a real life situation where we pretended to have a shop and we were the cashier and we had to be able to serve someone sufficiently so using the knowledge from last term i created a list of what i wanted to sell and how much it was then i made a list of all the things someone could buy and i used the same code which we used last term to figure out how much the total price would be. However i realized they could buy more than one of something so i added a list of 1-10 so i could quickly click how much they wanted to buy of one product. Finally at the end we tried to create a code for sales however we have not finished that.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think there were only two things that limited my learning one was the ability to remember stuff from last term and that is really important because we have been using that code a lot and secondly the ability to use the code i know in a real life situation and if i thought about it more i could think of problems and find a solution to them.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i will refer back to my old work and try to really understand the code i am writing and i am thinking of what we could do to make this more realistic.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


